docs(ddx): updated payment information (#1264)
scaleway/docs-content: compute/dedibox/how-to/link-dedibox-account.mdx

    * You have taken note of your login for the Scaleway console.
    * Your Scaleway Dedibox and Scaleway Cloud account information will be updated with the information given on this page.
    * You have understood that linked accounts can not be unlinked.

>     * Payment information will be updated and unified following this rule:

Author: ```suggestion
    * Payment information will be updated and unified following this rules:
```

      * If you have SEPA as your preferred payment method in either your Dedibox or Scaleway Cloud account, this SEPA then becomes the default payment method for both your Scaleway Cloud and Scaleway Dedibox invoices.
      * If you do not have a SEPA as your preferred payment method in either account, the preferred payment method of credit card remains the same for both Scaleway Cloud and Scaleway Dedibox invoices.
      * If you use different credit cards for Dedibox and Scaleway Cloud, the card registered with Scaleway Cloud becomes the default payment method for both Scaleway Cloud and Scaleway Dedibox invoices.
        <Message type="tip">

>           You can modify your payment method in the [billing section](https://console.scaleway.com/organization/billing) of the Scaleway console once account linking has been completed. All existing default payment methods are transferred to your linked account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          Once account linking has been completed, you can modify your payment method in the [billing section](https://console.scaleway.com/organization/billing) of the Scaleway console. All existing default payment methods will be transferred to your linked account.
```
